I think I’m Malcolm X, Martin Luther
Add a King, add a Junior
Some Bible verses, a couple Sunnahs
An AK-47, that’s a revolution
Then, think I’m 2Pac, Bob Marley
Fela Kuti, Marcus Garvey
Them the real ones, light a lighter for ‘em
Let you know that I’m riding for ‘em

Gonna get me some, a little more beat
Call your friends around, then call the police
I’m riding with my flow, it take up 4 seats
So I’m gonna ghostride - but with no sheets
One man by myself even then I’m 4 deep
Like hotel swimming pools that’s 4 feet
These niggas like the rooms: so suite
Priceline: so cheap
I’m a cell phone, they some room keys
I’m some shell toes, they the shoestrings
I turn ‘em off (I turn ‘em off)
I take ‘em out (I take ‘em out)
I’m Reverend Run, with the laces out
My Adidas, so adios
"All Day I Dream" like I’m comatose
That’s your ship sinking, and I’m so afloat
I’m T-Pain, I’m on a boat
Not the slave one, DiCaprio’s, neither
Here the waves come, they started in the bleachers
So I’m swag surfin', the pool’s getting deeper
You still sweet, though, here come them roomkeepers
Okay, I be the strings, you be the shoes
But guess what? Now they Jimmy Choos
I wear the pants, you in the Poohs
Yo’ shit meows, my shit awoooooos
I got a fifth floor, call me Brother Man
Africa the set, yeah, that’s the Motherland
For that BP I shed 50 tears
In Nigeria that oil been spilling for like 50 years
“50 years? Hell naw!”
Hell yeah! I’m tryna tell y’all
At this rate, niggas gonna lose
Can’t search for water or grow your own food
Tell me what’s gonna happen when them stores close
And ain’t gon’ open up no more?
That’s the realest shit, yeah, you gon’ feel that
Hunger’s your enemy, but you can’t kill that
Nigga, wake up, don’t join the Army
Kill your own peoples, but fear Illuminatis
And they ain’t even real, or are they?
But you wouldn’t even know, because you partay
Too fucking much, if you start to doubt
They already in your mind, and coming out your mouth
It’s not a trick, nigga, it’s a trap
"Survival of the Fit" is what they aiming at
And niggas ain’t fit (nope), fat as hell (yep)
Fat in mind (yep), body fat as well
Who use most the drugs? Americans!
What’s in Afghanistan? Heroin!
You think that’s by mistake? They can stop that?
Don’t think you safe though, because you not black
Greed is colorblind, so I’m colorblind
They gon’ fuck with yours soon as they done with mine
They say I try too hard, verses overwhelm
I learned most of this from niggas sitting in jail
Where you think I’m from? From the streets, nigga
Triple OGs, told me to teach, nigga
And that ain’t made up, that’s a fact
They say that gangsta shit, is the shit I rap
Look who I attract, look at my inner circle
Buncha street niggas, and a couple Urkels
Look at my fan base, oh, yes
Fuck what Pro say, look at this protest
Where they do that at? (Huh?) Who they do that for? (Who?)
Must mean I’m doing bad, and things is moving slow
They talking revolution on public radio
They catch down in Houston, sitting on them 84s
Trae, what’s up? ABN
Got your back, nigga, sink or swim
Free Chilly Chill, shake off your masters
Pray to God, build your mind faster